Log = plus lent mais beaucoup mieux pour la détection fine , après test sur une feuille de cuivre , l'algorythme détecte les trous très fin 
que les autres ne détectent pas


Parameters
image2D or 3D ndarray
Input grayscale image, blobs are assumed to be light on dark background (white on black).

min_sigmascalar or sequence of scalars, optional
the minimum standard deviation for Gaussian kernel. Keep this low to detect smaller blobs. The standard deviations of the Gaussian filter are given for each axis as a sequence, or as a single number, in which case it is equal for all axes.

max_sigmascalar or sequence of scalars, optional
The maximum standard deviation for Gaussian kernel. Keep this high to detect larger blobs. The standard deviations of the Gaussian filter are given for each axis as a sequence, or as a single number, in which case it is equal for all axes.

num_sigmaint, optional
The number of intermediate values of standard deviations to consider between min_sigma and max_sigma.

thresholdfloat, optional.
The absolute lower bound for scale space maxima. Local maxima smaller than thresh are ignored. Reduce this to detect blobs with less intensities.

overlapfloat, optional
A value between 0 and 1. If the area of two blobs overlaps by a fraction greater than threshold, the smaller blob is eliminated.

log_scalebool, optional
If set intermediate values of standard deviations are interpolated using a logarithmic scale to the base 10. If not, linear interpolation is used.

exclude_borderint or bool, optional
If nonzero int, exclude_border excludes blobs from within exclude_border-pixels of the border of the image.

Returns
A(n, image.ndim + sigma) ndarray
A 2d array with each row representing 2 coordinate values for a 2D image, and 3 coordinate values for a 3D image, plus the sigma(s) used. When a single sigma is passed, outputs are: (r, c, sigma) or (p, r, c, sigma) where (r, c) or (p, r, c) are coordinates of the blob and sigma is the standard deviation of the Gaussian kernel which detected the blob. When an anisotropic gaussian is used (sigmas per dimension), the detected sigma is returned for each dimension.
